Add LSIF support (#4799)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: lsif/README.md

> # LSIF code intelligence

Author: I'm not sure, but I'll leave it in the top level `lsif/` unless anyone else would prefer it live elsewhere.

> BEFOER MERGING consider moving some of this to docs now or later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BEFORE MERGING consider moving some of this to docs now or later
```

Reviewer: 😆

[LSIF](https://code.visualstudio.com/blogs/2019/02/19/lsif) is a file format that stores code intelligence information such as hover docstrings, definitions, and references.

Sourcegraph receives and stores LSIF files uploaded using [upload-lsif.sh](upload-lsif.sh), then uses that information to provide fast and precise code intelligence when viewing files.

In this directory:

- [upload-lsif.sh](upload-lsif.sh): a script that uploads an LSIF file to Sourcegraph (usually used in CI, similar to [Codecov's Bash Uploader](https://docs.codecov.io/docs/about-the-codecov-bash-uploader))

> - [server/](server/): an HTTP server which runs inside of Sourcegraph (for auth), receives and stores LSIF file uploads, and services requests for hovers/defs/refs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [server/](server/): an HTTP server which runs behind Sourcegraph (for auth), receives and stores LSIF file uploads, and services requests for hovers/defs/refs
```
